Implement `reframe()` (#6557)
tidyverse/dplyr: NEWS.md

# dplyr (development version)

* `morph()` is a new experimental verb that creates a new data frame by applying
  functions to columns of an existing data frame. It is very similar to
  `summarise()`, with two big differences:

  * `morph()` can return an arbitrary number of rows per group, while

>     `summarise()` reduces each group down to a single row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `summarise()` now reduces each group down to a single row.
```

Author: Yea, I was trying to talk about `summarise()` here in the way that it should _ideally_ work, and I was relying on the other news bullet to mention the multirow deprecation

  * `morph()` always returns an ungrouped data frame, while `summarise()` might
    return a grouped or rowwise data frame, depending on the scenario.
    
  `morph()` has been added in response to valid concern from the community that

>   allowing `summarise()` to return 0 or >1 rows per group increases the chance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  allowing `summarise()` to any number of rows per group increases the chance
```
